cp: cannot open ‘apple_015d’ for reading: Permission denied
cp: cannot open ‘apple_015e’ for reading: Permission denied
cp: cannot open ‘apple_015f’ for reading: Permission denied
cp: cannot open ‘apple_015g’ for reading: Permission denied
cp: cannot open ‘apple_015h’ for reading: Permission denied
cp: cannot open ‘apple_015i’ for reading: Permission denied
cp: cannot open ‘apple_015j’ for reading: Permission denied
cp: cannot open ‘apple_015k’ for reading: Permission denied
cp: cannot open ‘apple_015l’ for reading: Permission denied
cp: cannot open ‘apple_015m’ for reading: Permission denied
cp: cannot open ‘apple_015n’ for reading: Permission denied
cp: cannot open ‘apple_015o’ for reading: Permission denied
cp: cannot open ‘apple_015p’ for reading: Permission denied
cp: cannot open ‘apple_015q’ for reading: Permission denied
cp: cannot open ‘apple_015r’ for reading: Permission denied
cp: cannot open ‘apple_015s’ for reading: Permission denied
cp: cannot open ‘apple_015t’ for reading: Permission denied
cp: cannot open ‘apple_015u’ for reading: Permission denied
cp: cannot open ‘apple_015v’ for reading: Permission denied
cp: cannot open ‘apple_015w’ for reading: Permission denied
cp: cannot open ‘banana_015d’ for reading: Permission denied
cp: cannot open ‘banana_015e’ for reading: Permission denied
cp: cannot open ‘banana_015f’ for reading: Permission denied
cp: cannot open ‘banana_015g’ for reading: Permission denied
cp: cannot open ‘banana_015h’ for reading: Permission denied
cp: cannot open ‘banana_015i’ for reading: Permission denied
cp: cannot open ‘banana_015j’ for reading: Permission denied
cp: cannot open ‘banana_015k’ for reading: Permission denied
cp: cannot open ‘banana_015l’ for reading: Permission denied
cp: cannot open ‘banana_015m’ for reading: Permission denied
cp: cannot open ‘banana_015n’ for reading: Permission denied
cp: cannot open ‘banana_015o’ for reading: Permission denied
cp: cannot open ‘banana_015p’ for reading: Permission denied
cp: cannot open ‘banana_015q’ for reading: Permission denied
cp: cannot open ‘banana_015r’ for reading: Permission denied
cp: cannot open ‘banana_015s’ for reading: Permission denied
cp: cannot open ‘banana_015t’ for reading: Permission denied
cp: cannot open ‘banana_015u’ for reading: Permission denied
cp: cannot open ‘banana_015v’ for reading: Permission denied
cp: cannot open ‘banana_015w’ for reading: Permission denied
cp: cannot open ‘chery_015d’ for reading: Permission denied
cp: cannot open ‘chery_015e’ for reading: Permission denied
cp: cannot open ‘chery_015f’ for reading: Permission denied
cp: cannot open ‘chery_015g’ for reading: Permission denied
cp: cannot open ‘chery_015h’ for reading: Permission denied
cp: cannot open ‘chery_015i’ for reading: Permission denied
cp: cannot open ‘chery_015j’ for reading: Permission denied
cp: cannot open ‘chery_015k’ for reading: Permission denied
cp: cannot open ‘chery_015l’ for reading: Permission denied
cp: cannot open ‘chery_015m’ for reading: Permission denied
cp: cannot open ‘chery_015n’ for reading: Permission denied
cp: cannot open ‘chery_015o’ for reading: Permission denied
cp: cannot open ‘chery_015p’ for reading: Permission denied
cp: cannot open ‘chery_015q’ for reading: Permission denied
cp: cannot open ‘chery_015r’ for reading: Permission denied
cp: cannot open ‘chery_015s’ for reading: Permission denied
cp: cannot open ‘chery_015t’ for reading: Permission denied
cp: cannot open ‘chery_015u’ for reading: Permission denied
cp: cannot open ‘chery_015v’ for reading: Permission denied
cp: cannot open ‘chery_015w’ for reading: Permission denied
cp: cannot open ‘durian_015d’ for reading: Permission denied
cp: cannot open ‘durian_015e’ for reading: Permission denied
cp: cannot open ‘durian_015f’ for reading: Permission denied
cp: cannot open ‘durian_015g’ for reading: Permission denied
cp: cannot open ‘durian_015h’ for reading: Permission denied
cp: cannot open ‘durian_015i’ for reading: Permission denied
cp: cannot open ‘durian_015j’ for reading: Permission denied
cp: cannot open ‘durian_015k’ for reading: Permission denied
cp: cannot open ‘durian_015l’ for reading: Permission denied
cp: cannot open ‘durian_015m’ for reading: Permission denied
cp: cannot open ‘durian_015n’ for reading: Permission denied
cp: cannot open ‘durian_015o’ for reading: Permission denied
cp: cannot open ‘durian_015p’ for reading: Permission denied
cp: cannot open ‘durian_015q’ for reading: Permission denied
cp: cannot open ‘durian_015r’ for reading: Permission denied
cp: cannot open ‘durian_015s’ for reading: Permission denied
cp: cannot open ‘durian_015t’ for reading: Permission denied
cp: cannot open ‘durian_015u’ for reading: Permission denied
cp: cannot open ‘durian_015v’ for reading: Permission denied
cp: cannot open ‘durian_015w’ for reading: Permission denied
